I woke up this morning and dressed for the day
I prayed to Jehovah and went on my way
I was told not to preach but I cannot bear
God is my ruler rather than man
I like the breeze blowing out in the field
I feel peace riding
I know Jehovah's with me so why should I feel?
As I get back home and think about this day
I've been on the bench at so much to say
So I pray that I'll see him again this soon
I know it feels better if he had the truth
I like the breeze blowing out in the field
I feel peace riding
I know Jehovah's with me so why should I feel?
Let's burn these words I will speak
I'll do my part
I'll spread his name the best that I can
And I will keep going right down to the end
Knowing my brothers are fighting this fight
I'll strengthen my faith
Keep it alive
Trust in Jehovah as praise as I sing
Knowing the new world he soon will get down to sleep tonight
I think Jehovah in turn out like
What tomorrow may bring I do not know
But I know that I won't face it alone
I like the breeze blowing out in the field
I feel peace
I know Jehovah's with me so why should I feel?